MCE 2.10.2/ACM 2.15.2 drafts and missing fixes (#8835)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_fixed_issues.adoc

*Important:* Cluster lifecycle components and features are within the {mce-short}, which is a software operator that enhances cluster fleet management. Release notes for {mce-short}-specific features are found in at link:../clusters/release_notes/mce_release_notes.adoc#mce-release-notes[Release notes for Cluster lifecycle with {mce-short}].

== Errata 2.15.2

* Delivers updates to one or more product container images.

* Fixes the `TargetDown` alert from the `alertmanager-clientca-metric` config map, which did not update on certificate rotation.
link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-20743[ACM-20743]

* Fixes a race condition where the observability add-on misidentified {ocp-short} clusters as non-{ocp-short} during provisioning, causing deployment failures. The add-on now waits for clusters to be fully identified, allowing the cluster version to settle before applying configuration.
link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-27834[ACM-27834]

> * Fixes `Image-based installation failures that were caused by the default `ImageClusterInstall` template not including the `AdditionalNTPSources` field from the `ClusterInstance` specification. Without the field, clusters used the NTP servers from the seed image instead of the production NTP servers, causing installation to fail. The template now correctly renders user-specified NTP sources into the `ImageClusterInstall` manifest.

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixes Image-based installation failures that were caused by the default `ImageClusterInstall` template not including the `AdditionalNTPSources` field from the `ClusterInstance` specification. Without the field, clusters used the NTP servers from the seed image instead of the production NTP servers, causing installation to fail. The template now correctly renders user-specified NTP sources into the `ImageClusterInstall` manifest.
```

link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-32930[ACM-32930] 

> * Resolves an issue where the hashring in the `observability-thanos-receive-controller` was not updating upon scaling due to missing pod permissions. The `observatorium-deployment` is now updated with the necessary RBAC permissions for the `thanos-receive-controller`, enabling it to access pod status.

Author: ```suggestion
* Resolves an issue where the hashring in the `observability-thanos-receive-controller` was not updating upon scaling because of missing pod permissions. The `observatorium-deployment` is now updated with the necessary RBAC permissions for the `thanos-receive-controller`, which enables it to access pod status.
```

*Important:* Cluster lifecycle components and features are within the {mce-short}, which is a software operator that enhances cluster fleet management. Release notes for {mce-short}-specific features are found in at link:../clusters/release_notes/mce_release_notes.adoc#mce-release-notes[Release notes for Cluster lifecycle with {mce-short}].

== Errata 2.15.2

* Delivers updates to one or more product container images.

* Fixes the `TargetDown` alert from the `alertmanager-clientca-metric` config map, which did not update on certificate rotation.
link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-20743[ACM-20743]

* 
//please describe the problem and the fix for this release note since it was not clear in the comments or in the ai generated content.//

> link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-27834[ACM-27834]

Author: This one doesn't have enough clues for a release note: https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-27834 

@jacobbaungard can you help?

Reviewer: @swopebe I updated the draft release notes in the ticket. 

Observability addon deployment race condition on new managed clusters (ACM-27834)
Fixed a race condition where the observability add-on could misidentify OpenShift clusters as non-OpenShift during provisioning, causing deployment failures. The fix ensures observability skips clusters that have not yet been fully identified, allowing the cluster version to settle before configuration is applied.

Reviewer 2: Draft was added in jira.

Author: That is in...thank you!
